Add doc for nec repeats commands field (#3069)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/remote_transmitter.rst

      - remote_transmitter.transmit_nec:
          address: 0x1234
          command: 0x78AB
          command_repeats: 1

Configuration variables:

- **address** (**Required**, int): The address to send, see dumper output for more details.
- **command** (**Required**, int): The NEC command to send.

> - **command_repeats** (*Optional*, int): The number of times the command byte are sent in one transimission. Defaults to `1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **command_repeats** (*Optional*, int): The number of times the command bytes are sent in one transmission. Defaults to `1`.
```
